---
permalink: Mopedo%20DSP/Developer%20guides/API%20reference/Mopedo.Database/BidRequest/
---

# `BidRequest`

```json
{
    "Name": "Mopedo.Database.BidRequest",
    "Kind": "EntityResource",
    "Methods": ["GET", "DELETE", "REPORT", "HEAD"]
}
```

The `BidRequest` resource represents incoming bid requests to the DSP. Queries to this resource can be useful when tracking activity on the Mopedo platform. The `BidRequest` resource can become very large on certain DSP setups, so there is a [default routine](../../Mopedo.Archive/Routines#default-routines) to automatically archive old bid requests once 5 million entities have been saved. This can be changed using the [`Mopedo.Archiving.Routine`](../../Mopedo.Archive/Routines#routine) resource.

## Format

Property name                       | Type                                              | Description
----------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
User                                | [`User`](../User)                                 | The user associated with the bid request
Device                              | [`Device`](../Device)                             | The device associated with the bid request
Site                                | [`Site`](../Site)                                 | The site where the ad slot is located (if web ad)
App                                 | [`App`](../App)                                   | The app where the ad slot is located (if in-app ad)
BidRequestId                        | `string`                                          | The unique ID of the bid request
Ssp                                 | `string`                                          | The name of the SSP that generated this bid request
HasBidResponse                      | `boolean`                                         | True if and only if this bid request was responded to
HasWin                              | `boolean`                                         | Did this DSP respond with a winning bid to this bid request?
Time                                | [`datetime`](../../Datetime)                      | The date and time when the bid request was received
RequiresClickTrackingMacro (hidden) | `boolean`                                         | Did this bid request require a click tracking macro in bids?
Tmaxi (hidden)                      | `integer`                                         | The bid timeout as defined by the Mopedo backend
Broadcaster (hidden)                | [`Broadcaster`](../../Mopedo.Bidding/Broadcaster) | The broadcaster that broadcasted this bid request
BidResponse (hidden)                | [`BidResponse`](../BidResponse)                   | The bid response (if any) generated by this bid request
Win (hidden)                        | [`Win`](../Win)                                   | The win (if any) generated by the bid response (if any) to this bid request

> Hidden properties can be included in response bodies by using the [`add`](../../../../../RESTar/Consuming%20a%20RESTar%20API/URI/Meta-conditions#add) meta-condition in the [request URI](../../../../../RESTar/Consuming%20a%20RESTar%20API/URI).

## `BidRequest.Feed`

```json
{
    "Name": "Mopedo.Database.BidRequest.Feed",
    "Kind": "TerminalResource",
    "Methods": ["GET"]
}
```

The `BidRequest.Feed` resource is a terminal resource that posts representations of `BidRequest` entities in real time as they are received by the DSP application. The application posts entities to this feed with a slight delay, to pick up any [`Win`](../Win) associated with it.

### Terminal properties

Property name   | Type      | Default value | Description
--------------- | --------- | ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
IncludeUser     | `boolean` | `false`       | Should the `User` property be included in entities in the feed?
IncludeDevice   | `boolean` | `false`       | Should the `Device` property be included in entities in the feed?
IncludeSite     | `boolean` | `false`       | Should the `Site` property be included in entities in the feed?
IncludeApp      | `boolean` | `false`       | Should the `App` property be included in entities in the feed?
IncludeWin      | `boolean` | `false`       | Should the [`Win`](../Win) of the bid request (if any) be added to entities in the feed?
Status          | `string`  | `"PAUSED"`    | The current status of the console, can be `"PAUSED"` or `"OPEN"`
ShowWelcomeText | `boolean` | `true`        | Should the terminal print a welcome message on launch?

### Entity format

The format of entities that are sent over the feed is different from the format of the entity resource.

Property name  | Type                         | Description
-------------- | ---------------------------- | -----------------------------------------------------------------------
BidRequestId   | `string`                     | The ID of the bid request
UserId         | `string`                     | The UserId of the `User` of the bid request
User           | [`User`](../User)            | The `User` entity of the bid request
DeviceIP       | `string`                     | The IP of the `Device` of the bid request
Device         | [`Device`](../Device)        | The `Device` entity of the bid request
SiteDomain     | `string`                     | The domain of the `Site` of the bid request
Site           | [`Site`](../Site)            | The `Site` entity of the bid request
AppDomain      | `string`                     | The domain of the `App` of the bid request
App            | [`App`](../App)              | The `App` entity of the bid request
HasBidResponse | `boolean`                    | Was this bid request responded to?
HasWin         | `boolean`                    | Did the bid response (if any) generate a [`Win`](../Win)?
Win            | [`Win`](../Win)              | The win (if any) generated by the bid response to this bid request
Time           | [`datetime`](../../Datetime) | The date and time when the bid request was received
ObjectNo       | `ulong`                      | The object number of the entity, for fast lookup in the entity resource
