---
permalink: Mopedo%20DSP/Developer%20guides/API%20reference/Mopedo.Database/BidResponse/
---

# `BidResponse`

```json
{
    "Name": "Mopedo.Database.BidResponse",
    "Kind": "EntityResource",
    "Methods": ["GET", "DELETE", "REPORT", "HEAD"]
}
```

The `BidResponse` resource contains all responses made to incoming [bid requests](../BidRequest), including their [bids](../Bid).

## Format

Property name         | Type                          | Description
--------------------- | ----------------------------- | -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
User                  | [`User`](../User)             | The User of the bid request
Device                | [`Device`](../Device)         | The Device of the bid request
Site                  | [`Site`](../Site)             | The Site of the bid request
App                   | [`App`](../App)               | The App of the bid request
BidRequestId          | `string`                      | The ID of the bid request of this bid response
ReceiverBidResponseId | `string`                      | The ID of the bid response, as defined by the DSP
SentAt                | [`datetime`](../../Datetime)  | The date and time when this bid response was sent
Sent                  | `boolean`                     | Has this bid response been sent?
Currency              | `enum`                        | An [ISO 4217](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217#Active_codes) code representing the currency of the bid response, e.g. `"SEK"`
CurrencyString        | `string`                      | A string representation of the currency used in the bid prices
Bids                  | array of [`Bid`](../Bid)      | The bids contained in the bid response
HasWin                | `boolean`                     | Did this bid response win?
Win                   | [`Win`](../Win)               | The win of the bid response, if any
BidRequest (hidden)   | [`BidRequest`](../BidRequest) | The bid request that this bid response was a response to

> Hidden properties can be included in response bodies by using the [`add`](../../../../../RESTar/Consuming%20a%20RESTar%20API/URI/Meta-conditions#add) meta-condition in the [request URI](../../../../../RESTar/Consuming%20a%20RESTar%20API/URI).

## `BidResponse.Feed`

```json
{
    "Name": "Mopedo.Database.BidResponse.Feed",
    "Kind": "TerminalResource",
    "Methods": ["GET"]
}
```

The `BidResponse.Feed` resource is a terminal resource that posts `BidResponse` entities in real time as they are generated by the DSP application. The application posts entities to this feed with a slight delay, to pick up any [`Win`](../Win) associated with it.

### Terminal properties

Property name   | Type      | Default value | Description
--------------- | --------- | ------------- | -----------------------------------------------------------------
IncludeUser     | `boolean` | `false`       | Should the `User` property be included in entities in the feed?
IncludeDevice   | `boolean` | `false`       | Should the `Device` property be included in entities in the feed?
IncludeSite     | `boolean` | `false`       | Should the `Site` property be included in entities in the feed?
IncludeApp      | `boolean` | `false`       | Should the `App` property be included in entities in the feed?
IncludeBids     | `boolean` | `false`       | Should the `Bids` property be included in entities in the feed?
IncludeWin      | `boolean` | `false`       | Should the `Win` property be included in entities in the feed?
Status          | `string`  | `"PAUSED"`    | The current status of the console, can be `"PAUSED"` or `"OPEN"`
ShowWelcomeText | `boolean` | `true`        | Should the terminal print a welcome message on launch?

### Entity format

The format of entities that are sent over the feed is different from the format of the entity resource.

Property name | Type                         | Description
------------- | ---------------------------- | -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BidRequestId  | `string`                     | The ID of the bid request of this bid response
UserId        | `string`                     | The UserId of the `User` of the bid request
User          | [`User`](../User)            | The `User` entity of the bid request
DeviceIP      | `string`                     | The IP of the `Device` of the bid request
Device        | [`Device`](../Device)        | The `Device` entity of the bid request
SiteDomain    | `string`                     | The domain of the `Site` of the bid request
Site          | [`Site`](../Site)            | The `Site` entity of the bid request
AppDomain     | `string`                     | The domain of the `App` of the bid request
App           | [`App`](../App)              | The `App` entity of the bid request
HasWin        | `boolean`                    | Did this bid response generate a [`Win`](../Win)?
Win           | [`Win`](../Win)              | The win (if any) generated by this bid response
Time          | [`datetime`](../../Datetime) | The date and time when the bid response was generated
Currency      | `enum`                       | An [ISO 4217](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217#Active_codes) code representing the currency of the bid response, e.g. `"SEK"`
Bids          | array of [`Bid`](../Bid)     | The bids contained in this bid response
ObjectNo      | `ulong`                      | The object number of the entity, for fast lookup in the entity resource
